README.md, before:

# Josie Thompson

C++ Gameplay Engineer

Seattle, WA

dot.slash.josie@gmail.com

## Education Experience

### B.S. in Computer Science

University of Washington (2022)

Seattle, Washington

## Work Experience

### Unreal Gameplay Engineer

Timberline Studio Inc.

April 2022 - November 2023
- Contributed to design and implementation of tech systems in both C++ and Blueprint for various mechanics of an rpg video game, such as item drops and quests
- Rapidly prototyped and iterated on important UI features such as menus, notifications and item information
- Exercised skills in clear communication of goals, problems and research into potential solutions

### Teaching Assistant

Software Design and Implementation

Paul Allen School of Computer Science

March 2021 - December 2021
- Used console applications to publish course assignments within a tight schedule
- Managed organization for grading assignments for a class of nearly three hundred students
- Resolved dozens of special case problems with student homework submissions per week

### Research Assistant

Robot Learning Lab

Paul Allen School of Computer Science

March 2021 - June 2021

- Read through many recent peer-reviewed papers in order to have a good grasp of the problem at hand
- Implemented complex algorithms in order to further push knowledge of the concepts in these research papers
- Used advanced machine learning libraries in python to conduct experiments on the concepts we studied
- Wrote extensive documentation and established organized project structure in order to maintain a practical environment

## Programming Experience
#### Skilled in technologies
   
   C++, Unreal and Blueprint, Python, Java/C#, typescript

### Hax and mapgen

https://github.com/josiest/hax

https://github.com/josiest/mapgen

Small libraries for working with hex maps
- Implemented algorithms for working with unique mathematical norms in C++
- Used unit-test design to write well-covered tests
- Wrote clear and easy-to-read documentation complete with visual examples and tutorials

### Pygtails Library

https://pygtails.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Cleaner event-handling for Pygame

- Impelemented a small-scoped event-handling interface to reflect more modern game development technologies like Unity
- Used Sphinx and reStructuredText to write and compile original tutorials and clear documentation
- Used python's packaging libraries to publish the module to the official package manager system

Commit message:

updated the markdown resume with ion link

README.md, after:

# Josie Thompson

C++ Gameplay Engineer

Seattle, WA

dot.slash.josie@gmail.com

## Education Experience

### B.S. in Computer Science

University of Washington (2022)

Seattle, Washington

## Work Experience

### Unreal Gameplay Engineer

Timberline Studio Inc.

April 2022 - November 2023
- Contributed to design and implementation of tech systems in both C++ and Blueprint for various mechanics of an rpg video game, such as item drops and quests
- Rapidly prototyped and iterated on important UI features such as menus, notifications and item information
- Exercised skills in clear communication of goals, problems and research into potential solutions

### Teaching Assistant

Software Design and Implementation

Paul Allen School of Computer Science

March 2021 - December 2021
- Used console applications to publish course assignments within a tight schedule
- Managed organization for grading assignments for a class of nearly three hundred students
- Resolved dozens of special case problems with student homework submissions per week

### Research Assistant

Robot Learning Lab

Paul Allen School of Computer Science

March 2021 - June 2021

- Read through many recent peer-reviewed papers in order to have a good grasp of the problem at hand
- Implemented complex algorithms in order to further push knowledge of the concepts in these research papers
- Used advanced machine learning libraries in python to conduct experiments on the concepts we studied
- Wrote extensive documentation and established organized project structure in order to maintain a practical environment

## Programming Experience
#### Skilled in technologies
   
   C++, Unreal and Blueprint, Python, Java/C#, typescript

### Ion

https://github.com/josiest/ion

https://github.com/josiest/ion/tree/main/examples

A small-scoped library for rapidly prototyping games in SDL and EnTT using C++
- Implemented basic game engine architecture for event-driven programming
- Developed two example arcade games that use the ion library, as well as an
  the EnTT ECS library
- Currently working on making the library data-oriented with a tool for data
  serialization using EnTT's reflection library

### Hax and mapgen

https://github.com/josiest/hax

https://github.com/josiest/mapgen

Small libraries for working with hex maps
- Implemented algorithms for working with unique mathematical norms in C++
- Used unit-test design to write well-covered tests
- Wrote clear and easy-to-read documentation complete with visual examples and tutorials
